UPPER SIX
It's annoying me,
so this time, I'm going to kill you.
Hinokami Kagura...
Raging Sun!
Flame Dance!
That was nothing to write home about.
In the end, this is all it amounts to!
Where is he?
Hinokami Kagura...
Fake Rainbow...
I can do this!
Hinokami Kagura...
Fire Wheel!
Recovery Breathing!
I'm able to fight...
an Upper Rank demon!
EPISODE 6:
LAYERED MEMORIES
You ugly piece of trash!
What's going on?
The Belts are entering her body!
No. Are they going back into her?
The ones that were split off from her?
Stand your ground!
Get your breathing under control!
Let's go!
I knew it.
She's gone!
A Hashira...
So a Hashira did come, after all!
That's great!
That will certainly please my master!
She's transformed.
What an ominous scent.
It's making the back of my throat
sting with pain!
She's gained even more power!
But is Uzui with Inosuke and the others?
Then I can rest easy.
You guys need to shut the hell up!
What's the deal with that sword?
You have a lot of nerve,
brawling in front of my House!
What kind of harassment is this?
Oh no! We made too much noise,
and now people are...
I'll have you know that this Hanamachi is viable
because we and our clients all follow the rules!
People like you aren't welcome here!
Now get the hell out of my sight!
Why don't you shut your trap?
Don't do it!
Don't do it! Don't come this way!
Step back!
Stay inside your buildings!
H-Hiro! No!
Stay calm.
You'll survive!
Your arm!
Tie it up with some string!
Come back here!
I won't let you get away with this!
Not after what you just did!
What? You still have something to say?
That's enough, ugly one.
The repulsive have no reason
to live, anyway.
So you can all just die and rot together.
Hiro! Hiro!
No! Somebody help us!
All of you, stay inside!
It's too dangerous, so stay hidden!
Dear Kamado...
I know that I wronged you.
Thank you for shedding tears over Kyojuro.
I hear that you've also been exchanging letters
with Senjuro for the past four months.
He seems to be
in a much better place now.
I'm ashamed that our first meeting
went the way it did.
At a time when my own incompetence
had left me shattered,
things went from bad to worse
when my beloved wife succumbed to illness.
Since then, I've done nothing
but drink myself into a stupor and wallow.
There's no bigger fool than me.
Unlike me, Kyojuro was a fine son.
Even after I abandoned him
as his instructor,
he trained by reading
the Guide to Flame Breathing,
and became a Hashira.
Even though there were only three volumes.
He must have had more of Ruka's...
Of his mother's blood.
Both Kyojuro and Senjuro are fine boys.
And Kamado...
You have an even more amazing power.
I hear that those who are chosen
to wield Sun Breathing...
are born with the same red mark
on their forehead that you have.
And so I'm sure that you...
No, Shinjuro.
I wasn't born with this scar.
Originally, it was a burn mark from when
I protected my brother from a falling brazier.
Later, I injured myself there
during Final Selection,
and that's how it ended up
the way it is now.
I hear that my father was born
with a faint mark on his forehead,
but that wasn't the case with me.
I must not be a chosen wielder.
But...
even so...
Even if I'm not one of the chosen ones...
Even if I'm not up to the task...
there are times
when I just can't back down!
Because in this world,
there are those who lack human hearts!
Killing for no reason
without a second thought!
Without any hint of remorse!
I won't allow...
that kind of tyranny...
no matter what!
Those lost lives will never return!
They can never come back!
Those made of flesh and blood
can't do what demons do.
Why would you rob them?
Why would you trample over their lives?
I've heard these words before.
What do you find so entertaining?
What's so amusing about this?
What do you take life for, exactly?
Who is that? I don't know.
Why can't you understand?
How can you forget?
This isn't me.
These aren't my memories.
It's the cells!
Master Muzan's!
The memories of the cells...
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
ENTERTAINMENT DISTRICT ARC
- Muscle! Muscle!
- Mus-cle!
Hey you!
That Worm Belt just scattered
through that hole and escaped!
You shut up!
I saved everyone who was trapped inside,
so what's the problem?
First, worship and praise me!
We'll discuss that other thing later!
Lord Tengen! You have to go after it,
or there'll be more carnage!
Don't worry about us! Please go!
Come on, boys!
We're giving chase!
Follow me!
Move it now!
Out of my way!
Lord Tengen is comin' through!
DESTROY
Dammit! He's too fast!
What is it?
You were a human once, weren't you?
You must've shed tears once,
struggling against pain and suffering.
You really are annoying,
rambling on and on like that!
I don't remember anything
about the past!
I'm a demon now,
so who cares about that?
Demons never grow old.
And they don't need money to eat.
They don't get sick.
They don't die.
They have nothing to lose.
Not to mention...
we beautiful, powerful demons...
can do anything we want!
Fine.
Enough, then.
Blood Demon Art...
Eight-Layered Obi Slash!
Now, you can't stop this, can you?
It's because you're an idiot!
This interweaving attack
leaves you with nowhere to run.
The parts of my body that were split off
to take control of this Hanamachi...
Now that I'm whole again,
my speed is in a class of its own!
You could barely hold your own
against my non-Blood Demon Art attacks,
so you have no chance now.
It's all over for you, isn't it? Farewell!
I'm going to slash you, dull sword and all!
And now, I'll be making my way to that Hashira!
Hinokami Kagura...
Burning Bones, Summer Sun.
That hurts! What is this pain?
It's like a burning pain
where I received that slash!
I can't regenerate like I'm supposed to!
But his wounds must be deep, too!
Making such violent moves
would normally rupture his body on the spot!
In the first place,
how can he slice my Belt?
When its durability has increased!
My fingertips are trembling.
Is this me?
Master Muzan?
Damn him! Now he's faster than before!
It doesn't make sense!
Doesn't make sense!
Don't you feel any pain?
Are you human?
As if someone like you...
could ever hope to decapitate me!
It's soft.
It's too soft for me to cut through.
It blunted my sword slash
by bending and weaving.
I won't let you get away!
You ugly, vile brat!
There are more Belts now.
Thirteen of them.
If I dodge them,
they might wreak even more havoc.
But for some reason...
they're awfully slow.
I won't let you cut me!
Not this time!
Making contact with my neck just now
was just a fluke!
Huh?
The Belts he warded off with his sword ridge
are now pinned in one spot!
You really think you've stopped me?
I'll blow you away!
You think you can pull them tight
so you can slash them?
But I can let them loose
in the blink of an eye!
There's no way you can
overcome this distance in an instant—
Huh?
He slashed them?
So fast!
It's simple.
I just have to bring my sword down
faster than they can start bending.
I can do it this time. I can slash her.
Big Bro!
Big Bro, breathe! Please!
So pathetic, you humans. Seriously.
No matter how you struggle, that's the best
you can do. I'm starting to feel sorry for you.
I can't stop coughing!
It's so hard to breathe!
I must've gone way past
my stamina threshold!
All I can see ahead of me is darkness.
All I can hear is the sound
of my own heartbeat.
That's right.
Your wounds won't be healing any time soon,
so no wonder you've ended up like this.
Wield your sword!
I'll return the favor by slicing your head off!
You have a lot of nerve doing that to me!
You!
Right, it's you!
It's you, isn't it?
The one he was talking about was you, huh?
Daki...
There's a demon
who slipped from my grasp.
Just like Tamayo.
Find her and get rid of her.
You're the only one I can turn to.
She's a girl clad in a kimono
with a hemp leaf pattern, and a checkered belt.
Yes!
Of course I'll be happy
to torture her to death!
As you wish!
Is kicking the only thing you know?
You damn bottom-feeder demon!
Could you be any weaker?
I can see that you've hardly
devoured any humans.
I wonder how you managed
to escape his control.
You poor thing!
Your torso and lower body
went their separate ways, didn't they?
You'd better not move.
A half-developed demon like you
can't possibly regenerate right away, I'm sure.
We're both demons, after all.
I won't bully you anymore.
I'll absorb you into my Belt, and when morning
comes, I'll kill you by exposing you to the sun!
Demons killing each other...
Such a waste of time!
Huh?
Hold on a second. What's this?
She's regenerated her leg.
Never mind her leg,
how can she be standing?
I know I just severed her body!
I know that I felt it!
I slashed her for sure!
Her healing and regeneration speed...
is...
Upper Rank caliber.
What is this cruelty?
This intimidating air?
She changed all a sudden.
Big Bro...
You and our sister
sure take after each other.
You're gentle but scary
when you get mad.
Like our sister...
when that rough-looking grown-up
bumped into a kid and hurt him,
she got in his face,
asking him to apologize.
I mean, luckily there were
tons of grown-ups around, but...
it was scary. For me.
Since people who get mad for others
tend not to have any regard for their own safety.
And because of that, they may lose
something precious someday.
That scares me.
Another kick?
You're a one-trick pony, aren't you?
Your neck is next!
NIN-NIN
Nin-nin!
Monjiro! We're coming to save you right now,
so don't you croak before we get there!
How can you run while you're sleeping?
Can you see ahead of you?
How's this? Better?
Hey, that's pretty good for you!
Anyway, where did the God of Festivals go?
You two are way too slow!
God of Festivals!
We're out of time,
so no Taisho-era secret today!
Next, Episode 7, "Transformation"!
Get a move on! Let's go!
TO BE CONTINUED